well yeah I am right back with a another
drank balls Ethier review and this is a
Super Saiyan 3 book you from the
ultimate figure series which was
released in Japan also later released in
America but this is the Japanese version
which is identical to the Jack specific
US version now if you can see just by
with me holding in my hand it is a lot
smaller than the typical American
figures are just for a comparison so I
have let's see if I can get the stand
just for comparison sake I have the
arrow and toys version Super Saiyan 3 go
cute now let's see and this is a from
the earlier releases but then they start
making a fee is bigger with Jack
specific and I don't have one but as you
can see his head goes to about his chest
on the other figure but what this figure
likes for and uh sighs it makes makes up
for impose ability now as far as the
overall scope or color it has the
typical blue orange and blue and very
government almost metallic but very
shiny yellow of Super Saiyan air and
Underpants is like a few brushes of a
what could be red or just dark orange
for highlights on the folds and on the
skin there's like some darker spots on
that muscle to give more muscular
definition and
poseability is summon his ankles knees
one is I guess thigh one is waist or his
hip I guess and uh if Noah's waist
actually two is four so yeah I'll take
off the shirt so you can see he is one
here and one there see that there's oh
the one thing I do not like about the
poseability with this fear but it does
it doesn't great possibility but it
doesn't look realistic is his shoulders
this parts fine and they move up and
down inside but then once you get them
up like this another what to natural to
me does it it does allow for great
possibility and with most figures for
this line something with extra pairs of
hands it really does come up with or it
does come up with a lot of great
possibility ideas
now the only thing that really keeps us
from being like what my favorite Goku
figures which it's pretty close up there
it's just the hair sculpt is a little
bizarre it's not very that's smooth as a
loss as a whisper same three hairs on
this is a to rag it looks like I don't
know at the top of a pineapple from this
angle you can really tell the difference
I get this one here this one just has
more of a natural foot in this one
because it's really made of like three
pieces the forward section mid section
here and the back section and they all
really just don't go together that well
I'm not sure how hard this particular
figure is to come across these days but
I got him probably about three and a
half years ago but if you're looking for
really small or not really small but a
fairly small really well particularly
fear I would definitely recommend them
just don't really expect for the most
show accurate sculpts with these figures
so overall I'm going to give this the
year a 7 out of 10